ladies and gentlemen welcome my name is
Kara can in this video I'm going to be
announcing the five winners of the
postcards from outland contest all week
last week and ending last night Monday
at 6pm British Standard Time I had a
contest running where I asked you guys
to answer postcards will send me a
postcard from your favorite location in
outland many many of you stepped up to
the plate here you put in the time you
put in the effort and the creative
juices into these postcards and I had
well over a hundred entries something
like 120 130 entries so many of them
were good so thank you if you entered
and very well done to the vast majority
of you did great you did absolutely
great and you made my job of picking
those winners extremely difficult so I
wish I'd had more keys to give away in
all honesty so it was it really
obviously was tough to choose the
winners but I'm going to just come right
out with it and say congratulations to
Courtney Allison Tom Edwards sycron
Chrissy and nana mistweaver you guys
have already been direct message by me
on Twitter as per the rules outlined in
the original video and I have already
sent you your basic he's so
congratulations have fun in game make
sure you do some proper testing and
report those bugs but yeah enjoy
yourselves as for the rest of you guys I
cannot stress enough how many great
entries I had and it was a tough
decision so I'm going to show some
images here some honorable mentions to
these people because they I'm not going
to say which ones were close to being
picked to win because that wouldn't be
fair but all of these in my mind were
very good and
just made my job my judging job harder I
want to say a huge thank you to everyone
that entered I had a lot of positive
messages from you guys both on Twitter
and on the original video outlining the
rules of the giveaway complimenting me
on my choice of contest and that you
were excited to enter and it was a great
idea and you inspired creatively and
some of you said you know even if you
didn't win it was a fun contest to end
us so I'm really really pleased that the
contest was you know well received and
above all that you guys had fun entering
again I wish I had more than five keys
to give away but the address to five
winners that I picked so let's not take
a closer look before we end this video
we could see the zangarmarsh postcard
here it feels very retro very 70s in
design very stylish I love the colors in
it and it just pops right out at me it
really does appeal to me then the ground
postcard looks exactly like a postcard
from a real-life holiday destination it
really does very very clever and
immediately that was one of the few that
was immediately a winner for me and it
was actually one of the first that was
entered we then have black temple
Illidan I like this because it's very
Art Nouveau with the style of text but
the screen shot captures Illidan mid-run
like he is charging at someone to go and
attack them and it's just a great action
shot really really cool shadow moon
valley great place i had a lot of
entries from that zone to be honest we
then also have the netherstorm postcard
this is extremely simple but exquisite
in my mind it's very simple you've just
got the net aslam text I love the colors
I love the way the image is within its
like a separate image within the text it
just pops it just pops out at me it
really does it I when I when I looked at
it it was hard to look away you know it
just drew the eye and the fifth one was
helpful I peninsula
I thought this is really cool you've got
the third portal which was actually a
favorite of a lot of the entries did
take pictures of the Dark Portal but you
got the dark pools along one side and
then you have three images on the
left-hand side of the little areas in
hellfire peninsula i love the the text
on it overall it's just it's very
pleasing to the eye so that's why i
picked those five but thank you to
everyone who entered I hope the winners
enjoy their beta access and maybe I will
see you in game but that's it for me
today thank you so much for watching my
name is Kerrick I'll see you next time